Docs updates for k6 Studio v1 release (#1894)
grafana/k6-docs: docs/sources/k6-studio/set-up/settings.md

### Automatically detect browser

> When this setting is enabled, k6 Studio looks for Google Chrome or Chromium in the default installation path in your system.

Reviewer: `Chromium` PR has not been merged yet and has been left out of this release, should we remove the mention here ? (only linux arm64 detects Chromium as of GA)

Author: I reworded it to:

```suggestion
When this setting is enabled, k6 Studio looks for Google Chrome in the default installation path in your system. For Linux ARM64 distributions, k6 Studio looks for Chromium instead.
```
